Dear Professional , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our briefing ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 4 , Section 301 . This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 21 days . Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
and how many people you know are on the Internet . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you SELL MORE & turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you . But don't believe us . Mr Anderson of Connecticut 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! You have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Best regards ! Dear Sir or Madam 
; We know you are interested in receiving amazing news 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 8 
; Section 307 ! This is not a get rich scheme ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 78 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and people are much more likely to 
BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 160% and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 180% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Simpson 
of Washington tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Cheers . Dear Friend 
, We know you are interested in receiving red-hot info 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 
9 ; Section 307 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 30 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & most everyone has a 
cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 100% & SELL MORE ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mr Ames who resides in Rhode Island tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . God Bless . 